=head1 DocPerl Installation

=head1 Downloading

Go to L<http://sourceforge.net/project/showfiles.php?group_id=163244> and
download a copy of DocPerl. Then extract the archive to the directory that
you want to install DocPerl into. E.g.

 $ tar xvzf docperl-v0.9.2.tar.gz

=head1 Setup

Then you should then run C<./checksetup.pl> from the docperl directory,
which tell you what required modules (if any) are missing from your system.
C<./checksetup.pl> can also be used to create cached versions of POD files
to speed up usage and enable full text searching and function name searching.
For for example use the command:

  $ ./checksetup.pl -c pod,text,function

this will cache the POD and enable full text and function searching. For
more details on the C<checksetup.pl> program run:

  $ ./checksetup.pl -h

DocPerl needs some Perl modules that may not be already installed these
include:

Template Toolkit,
Readonly,
Config::Std,
version,
Pod::POM

to install one of the following commands should work

  $ perl -MCPAN -e 'install Template; install Readonly ...'

or (on Debian baised systems?)

  $ cpan Template Readonly ...

For Windows Active Perl users

  $ ppm install Template
  $ ppm install Readonly
  ...

If you have any problems try going to the help forums at
L<https://sourceforge.net/forum/forum.php?forum_id=553595>

=head1 Configuring

See L<DocPerl::Config> for a detailed description of the docperl.conf
configuration files options.

=head2 Apache Configuration

To configure DocPerl with Apache adding the following to your configuration
file is all that is required:

 <Directory "/path/to/docperl">
     Options +ExecCGI
     AllowOverride Limit
     DirectoryIndex docperl.cgi
     AddHandler cgi-script .cgi
 </Directory>

Some more work may be required to make DocPerl secure if you have some of the
less safe configuration options turned on or if you don't want your internal
modules to be publicly available. Also look at the B<.htaccess.example> for
more security settings.

=head1 Windows

Installation on windows has now improved a lot, the dependencies on command
line programs have been removed. The major problems you may now encounter are
setting setting the Perl scripts bang line to you Perl location (if you do not
download the windows zip file or your Perl is not installed into F<C:/Perl>).
Work-arounds are to change the bang line from:

 #!/usr/bin/perl

to

 #!"C:/perl/bin/perl.exe"

or where ever your Perl is installed. You can set Apache to use file
extensions instead (see your Apache documentation for details)


* If you are using active Perl's ppm to get the Template Toolkit modules
you may encounter some difficulty as ppm install Template does not appear to
install the Template Toolkit, you will probably need to use CPAN.

=head1 Upgrading

If you are upgrading from DocPerl version 0.3 or earlier there have been some
structural changes to DocPerl. Firstly the file docperl.conf has been moved
from the data directory up one level to the base directory (to allow you to
set where the data directory is stored). Also the templates have been renamed
to have the extension .tmpl added to their names so if you have customised
any templates you will need to add .tmpl to their names.

=cut
