=head1 DocPerl Installation

DocPerl is straightforward to install.  It consists of wholly of Perl scripts
in text files and is therefore quite transparent to anyone wishing to delve
into the internals or to troubleshoot particular errors.  Installation on a
standard Unix/Linux system is performed with no requirement to have more than
basic Unix skills.

DocPerl is designed to run on any platform that has Perl installed.

=head1 Prerequisites

DocPerl requires

=over 4

=item *

Perl version 5.6 or greater

=item *

A web server (eg. Apache, IIS, LightHTTPD etc...)

=back

Perl modules required that may not be already installed are:

=over 4

=item *

Template Toolkit

=item *

Readonly

=item *

Config::Std

=item *

version

=item *

Pod::POM

=back

The installation of DocPerl checks if these modules have been installed. If
any of these modules has not been installed you can install them via the
following methods:

Generic Unix/Linux

 $ perl -MCPAN -e 'install Template; install Readonly ...'

or (on Debian based systems?)

  $ cpan Template Readonly ...

Windows Active Perl

  $ ppm install Template
  $ ppm install Readonly
  ...

If you have any problems try going to the help forums at
L<https://sourceforge.net/forum/forum.php?forum_id=553595>

=head1 Download

To install DocPerl download the latest version from
L<http://sourceforge.net/project/showfiles.php?group_id=163244>.

The download is an archive file in the form F<docperl-vX.X.X.tar.gz>.
Extract the archive to the directory that you wish DocPerl to run from.

E.g.

 $ tar xvzf docperl-v1.0.0.tar.gz

=head1 Installation

From the DocPerl directory run C<./checksetup.pl>

This performs a check that your installation of Perl has all the modules
required to run DocPerl.  If you have all the required modules then you can
proceed to the next step.  If you don't have all the required modules you
will need to install them before you can proceed in your installation of
DocPerl.  Please see the Prerequisites section for further information.

C<./checksetup.pl> can also be used to create cached versions of POD files
to speed usage and enable full text searching and function name searching.

For for example use the command:

  $ ./checksetup.pl -c pod,text,function

this will cache the POD and enable full text and function searching.

For more details on the checksetup.pl program run:

  $ ./checksetup.pl --help

See L<DocPerl::Config> for a detailed description of the F<docperl.conf>
configuration files options.

This is as much configuration as the DocPerl files require.  Now all that
is needed to use your DocPerl installation is to configure your web server
to see DocPerl.

=head1 Web Server Configuration

Included in this documentation is example Apache configuration.  For other
web servers you will need to configure as appropriate.

To configure DocPerl with Apache adding the following to your configuration
file is all that is required:

 <Directory "/path/to/docperl">
     Options +ExecCGI
     AllowOverride Limit
     DirectoryIndex docperl.cgi
     AddHandler cgi-script .cgi
 </Directory>

=head2 Security

Some more work may be required to make DocPerl secure if you have some of the
less safe configuration options turned on or if you don't want your internal
modules to be publicly available. Also look at the F<.htaccess.example> (found
in the DocPerl directory) for more security settings.

=head1 Windows

Installation on Windows has improved since the initial releases. The
dependencies on command line programs have been removed.

The major problems you may now encounter are setting setting the Perl scripts
bang line to you Perl location (if you do not download the windows zip file
or your Perl is not installed into F<C:/Perl>). Workarounds are to change the
bang line from:

 #!/usr/bin/perl

to

 #!"C:/perl/bin/perl.exe"

or where ever your Perl is installed.

You can set Apache to use file extensions instead (see your Apache
documentation for details)

* If you are using Active Perl's ppm to get the Template Toolkit modules
you may encounter some difficulty, as ppm install Template does not appear to
install the Template Toolkit. You will probably need to use CPAN.

=head1 Upgrading

If you are upgrading from DocPerl version 0.3 or earlier there have been some
structural changes to DocPerl.

Firstly the file docperl.conf has been moved from the data directory up one
level to the base directory (to allow you to set where the data directory
is stored).

Also the templates have been renamed to have the extension .tmpl added to
their names, so if you have customized any templates, you will need to add
F<.tmpl> to their names.

=cut
